Rub the rube
=====

"Rub the baby with lard", Old Toothless Ted said, "r"s actually
missing from from the sentence, turned into a slight elongation of the
closest vowel. "Uub", that's what he said, "laad".

I looked, slack-jawed, at him. You do not waste a perfectly good piece
of lard, Or anything else that is not rubbing your
innards and those of your mates at the jungle. 

Maybe he had said "talc", that is, "taac"? When that word was coming out of his
toothless mouth, the Tacoma coal train was coming in at the far end of
the rail yard, humming and singing and generally making a racket that,
for a moment, hid the wail of the newborn baby. Baby that, in the
hands of Missouri Big Mama Winnie looked like a new potato, pink and
minute in her grayish-brown huge hands. A new, crying potato that was
about to be rubbed. With lard. Or talc. 

"Don't be a stupid, Ted." Winnie said. "Lard. You could as well do it
with spittle" She continuned rocking the baby in her hands. She could
have crushed that head without breaking a sweat. I know she can do
that, that she can do. But, instead, she was humming and making an
attempt at a smile that her face muscles refused to do. 

"Listen to me, you old fool, you listen to me. Dontchasee he's crying
his lungs out?" He was spitting through his gaps enough to rub a
kid. Or two. "We don't need that racket here. Somebody will be
a-coming looking for him. And his mother". 

"We'll call him Whistling Walt", Winnie said.

"Her mother wouldn't have like that", I said.

"Her mother wouldn't have liked nuthin'", Ted said. "She was a jungle
buzzard, and she deserved what she... "

"Shh... ", said Winnie, trying to cover both fuzzy ears with a single
hand, and, for a moment, making him a bit quiet. 

"Rub him with lard. It's her lard, after all" said Ted. The whole
contents of my stomach decided to come up my throat, at that moment. I
needed to leave, I needed to go. 

"Whazzup, boy", said Ted. "Mulligan stew didn't sit well on your
gizzards? We might as well get her lard from his sick, couldn't we?"






